README.md, before:

RPi.GPIO_BP README

This is a modified version RPi.GPIO for Banana Pro/Pi. We call it RPi.GPIO_BP.
It is based on the original [RPi.GPIO](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/RPi.GPIO).
The modification is done by [LeMaker](http://lemaker.org). The RPi.GPIO_BP API usage are the same to the original RPi.GPIO.
You can donwload the RPi.GPIO_BP from:
https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP.

## Download
### For Banana Pro
    git clone https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP -b bananapro
### For Banana Pi
    git clone https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP -b bananapi
## Installation
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install python-dev
    cd /RPi.GPIO_BP
    python setup.py install                 
    sudo python setup.py install
    
Please be attention that you need use both python and sudo pytohn to make the RPi.GPIO_BP work well.

## Examples
You can go to LeMaker wiki to see the basic examples: http://wiki.lemaker.org/RPi.GPIO

And the source directory test also has many demo.

## Extra
This version supports a new addressing mode "RAW" which enables you to use any GPIO pin. Below is an example which sets PD10 (which is pin 29 on the LCD connector) to a high level.

    import RPi.GPIO as GPIO
    GPIO.setmode(GPIO.RAW)
    GPIO.setup(GPIO.PD+10, GPIO.OUT)
    GPIO.output(GPIO.PD+10, 1)


Thanks!

LeMaker Team

Commit message:

Update Readme.md with troubleshooting information
This update has been made in response to the following issue: https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP/issues/6

README.md, after:

# RPi.GPIO_BP README

This is a modified version of RPi.GPIO for Banana Pro/Pi. We call it RPi.GPIO_BP.
It is based on the original [RPi.GPIO](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/RPi.GPIO).
The modification is done by [LeMaker](http://lemaker.org). The RPi.GPIO_BP API usage is identical to the original RPi.GPIO.
You can download the RPi.GPIO_BP from:
https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP.

## Download
### For Banana Pro
    git clone https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP -b bananapro
### For Banana Pi
    git clone https://github.com/LeMaker/RPi.GPIO_BP -b bananapi
## Installation
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install python-dev
    cd /RPi.GPIO_BP
    python setup.py install  # substitute python for python3 if necessary                  
    sudo python setup.py install  # substitute python for python3 if necessary   
    
Please note that you need to use both `python setup.py install` and `sudo python setup.py install` to make the RPi.GPIO_BP work well.

## Troubleshooting installation

If you receive the following error when trying to import `RPi.GPIO`:

    ImportError: No module named 'RPi.GPIO'

Check whether the module is installed by running:

    pip freeze  # substitute pip for pip3 if necessary
    
If it is, then check your current working directory (`pwd`). If you're still inside the `RPi.GPIO_BP` source directory, `cd` somewhere else, and run python from there - the error should disappear.

## Examples
You can go to LeMaker wiki to see the basic examples: http://wiki.lemaker.org/RPi.GPIO

And the source directory `test` also has many demos.

## Extra
This version supports a new addressing mode "RAW" which enables you to use any GPIO pin. Below is an example which sets PD10 (which is pin 29 on the LCD connector) to a high level.

    import RPi.GPIO as GPIO
    GPIO.setmode(GPIO.RAW)
    GPIO.setup(GPIO.PD+10, GPIO.OUT)
    GPIO.output(GPIO.PD+10, 1)


Thanks!

LeMaker Team
